hello everyone my name is Jada and
welcome to my pink world I wanted to
just do a quick introduction and tell
you a little bit about what my channel
is gonna be about what I found showing
you I collect a lot of things that are
girly and beautiful and I do have an
Instagram account it's princess hair
shop Jada and on there I display a lot
of my makeup collection
sometimes like outfit of the days and
things like that a lot of people ask Oh
what makeup is out or what palette is
that so I just have so many things that
are girly and pretty I just decided to
share them so you can look forward to
some outfit of the days a lot of
collection um like sharing my makeup
collection hauls Sephora matte
collection hauls a lot of my hair
collection I wear custom units and I
have lots of them so I'll be showing you
different textures on different wigs and
styles and colors that I have also I
have lots of shoes lots of handbag just
anything feminine lots of perfume that I
just want to share with you and kind of
you know just sure and um you know just
I'll take your suggestions and ideas and
I don't know so I'm just here to share
all things beauty so that's pretty much
it so if you can think of anything that
you would like to see from me whether
it's makeup collection or brushes or
perfumes or whatever it is that catches
your eye I'm happy to share with you I
want to share what hair I'm wearing
later that I'm wearing is a princess
hair shop it's from the Russian
collection three bundles of Russian red
and one bundle of urgent and a lace
closure so it's cut into the shop II
like kind of punk rock II feather top
and they're just
I'm just traditional layering that back
in I think this bundles and blankets is
about 18 inches so that's fat lipstick
I'm wearing is why itself it's from the
Rouge for lipstick line
I'm really bright bright orange I love
oranges and corals really moisturizing
already little shiny and let's see what
the color number is the color number is
15 from the beautiful updated the wild
we've left a collection and what I love
most about this collection or what I
sell lipsticks is just this beautiful
packaging so they look so pretty on my
stand I just really love to display this
oh and also love the quality of the
lipstick honestly so both together makes
it a good investment for me so that's
about it so like I said if you have any
questions or suggestions please let me
know and I'm happy to share thanks so
much for watching